ENGDOCS-1671 (#18285)
docker/docs: content/desktop/vm-vdi.md

To run Docker Desktop in a virtual desktop environment, it is essential nested virtualization is enabled on the virtual machine that provides the virtual desktop. This is because, under the hood, Docker Desktop is using a Linux VM in which it runs Docker Engine and the containers.

>**Important**
>

> > Docker does not support running Docker Desktop for Mac inside a VM.

Reviewer: nit ;) 

```suggestion
> Docker doesn't support running Docker Desktop for Mac inside a VM.
```
